{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww35200\viewh19580\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \'93/Users/Cannon/Documents/School/UCSB/Briggs Lab/Thaw_Rate_Hypothesis/Raw Snow Melt Data (Bair et. Al) /reconstruction_WUS_2007.h5\'94, \'93/Users/Cannon/Documents/School/UCSB/Briggs Lab/Thaw_Rate_Hypothesis/Raw Snow Melt Data (Bair et. Al) /reconstruction_WUS_2008.h5\'94, \'93/Users/Cannon/Documents/School/UCSB/Briggs Lab/Thaw_Rate_Hypothesis/Raw Snow Melt Data (Bair et. Al) /reconstruction_WUS_2009.h5\'94, \'93/Users/Cannon/Documents/School/UCSB/Briggs Lab/Thaw_Rate_Hypothesis/Raw Snow Melt Data (Bair et. Al) /reconstruction_WUS_2010.h5\'94, \'93/Users/Cannon/Documents/School/UCSB/Briggs Lab/Thaw_Rate_Hypothesis/Raw Snow Melt Data (Bair et. Al) /reconstruction_WUS_2011.h5\'94, \'93/Users/Cannon/Documents/School/UCSB/Briggs Lab/Thaw_Rate_Hypothesis/Raw Snow Melt Data (Bair et. Al) /reconstruction_WUS_2012.h5\'94, \'93/Users/Cannon/Documents/School/UCSB/Briggs Lab/Thaw_Rate_Hypothesis/Raw Snow Melt Data (Bair et. Al) /reconstruction_WUS_2013.h5\'94, \'93/Users/Cannon/Documents/School/UCSB/Briggs Lab/Thaw_Rate_Hypothesis/Raw Snow Melt Data (Bair et. Al) /reconstruction_WUS_2014.h5\'94, \'93/Users/Cannon/Documents/School/UCSB/Briggs Lab/Thaw_Rate_Hypothesis/Raw Snow Melt Data (Bair et. Al) /reconstruction_WUS_2015.h5\'94, \'93/Users/Cannon/Documents/School/UCSB/Briggs Lab/Thaw_Rate_Hypothesis/Raw Snow Melt Data (Bair et. Al) /reconstruction_WUS_2016.h5\'94, \'93/Users/Cannon/Documents/School/UCSB/Briggs Lab/Thaw_Rate_Hypothesis/Raw Snow Melt Data (Bair et. Al) /reconstruction_WUS_2017.h5\'94, \'93/Users/Cannon/Documents/School/UCSB/Briggs Lab/Thaw_Rate_Hypothesis/Raw Snow Melt Data (Bair et. Al) /reconstruction_WUS_2018.h5\'94}